✨(models) add edX server event to xAPI converter (#80)
openfun/ralph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - EdX server event to xAPI page `viewed` and edX `page_close` to xAPI
>   page `terminated` converters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EdX to xAPI converters for page `viewed` and`page_close` events
- Implement core event format converter
```
